Add project contributing guidelines (#79)
apcountryman/dotfiles: README.md

$ ./git/hooks/install --help
```

## Contributing

> If you are interested in contributing to `cmake-utilities`, please [read the
> `CONTRIBUTING.md` file in this repository](CONTRIBUTING.md).

Author: `cmake-utilities` should be `dotfiles`.
```suggestion
If you are interested in contributing to `dotfiles`, please [read the `CONTRIBUTING.md`
file in this repository](CONTRIBUTING.md).
```
